I am also Qian Xiaoxian
Master, why are you here?
The master is looking for something more
You know him?
Grandpa explained that Shen Long's identity was fatal
I will report to you when I am looking for a job and passing by.
dare not dare
You ask Miss Qin what she is looking for
Scared me to death
I almost thought it was called by Shen Hongna's skin dog
Yeah, you startled me.
Fortunately, it was a false alarm
Wait for the dog to die
Miss Qin is these bastards
Said you were his dog too
on call
And I'm calling you with both arms
We brothers can't be fooled.
engage in other theories
But what about him?
Just hit us
But dogs have to watch over people
Can you bear it?
I didn't take you seriously at all
No, you're them.
Yeah, yeah, I heard you.
He is indeed dredging
Miss Qin is not like this
It was Second Young Master Li who bullied Ruxin first
Shen Rong took action to protect Nu Xin
Xiaobai, you don't want to live anymore
This Li brother belongs to Miss Qin
Your Qin family has always been so arrogant